some of you will surely still
the gamepad were games pokémon mystery
dungeon team bread and the blue know
and those of you who played these times
certainly know the urge
all the legendary pokémon his team
take
the axa sa and the whole overpowering one
rest you have this at all
Most of the time you have to come up with a lot of heavy
overcome levels
Unfortunately, there is no certainty
that the pokemon also in your team
want there is no recorded
full
in the legendary pokémon team
was present
and those who made it june again
seen alive
I'm one of them when I play this game
I was still a little schicchi
At level 1, nothing suspects me in the
would expect next week
or what will happen to me
At first I smiled quite normally
I regularly bought items and picked up
every new pokémon into my team
because every help was important and so
I could be nice too
designed areas of the most diverse
watch pokémon
with the help of my team pokémon
I spooned myself up and down
now reaches the last
development stage
so I could with the main story
easy to play through then made
I'm already recruiting to that
seen legendary pokémon and that was
not too difficult, but then
I had to rest was
who have been harder to recruit
At first , the axis was still relatively
easy to recruit was when I
I had to try it a few times
in the area very curious and
Therefore , it is me immediately after the
recruitment
I was very happy after this success
optimistic the other pokémon too
I still recruited and so I played
Day and night and almost all managed
to recruit pokémon
i almost had my collection
completes how you are missing now
new to youtuber very hard too
recruit
since you have 99 had to climb up
before you even get it to face
only disturbing but I had the feeling
that it just does not want to join my team
although I had equipped sympathy
after some attempts I noticed too
that the text boxes are getting more and more
I think maybe changed
therefore this repellent feeling
At some point it only seemed sad
and depressed as if it were lonely
that seemed slightly autistic before that
more and more encapsulates and even
did not want to fight with the
time I also noticed the changes
the color intensity and the saturation
At first he thought that
would be in my gamer
but otherwise everything is unchanged
From the text boxes changed
Further, they were definitely depressive
text him to early suicide him
seemed to know
his sprite changed after each one
try on we are just one more
sad and cloudy color differently
Meanwhile, the text boxes were full of
hints of suicide it was already
no more play
it all feels so realistic
and I could feel with in Jewish
I went way too easy now
become and just now no longer high
Recruit youtube but out
curiosity what will happen to him I will
I had no idea that it was not
but I will happen to him
played this part of the day for days
game
I know why that all
happened and why there was nobody else
The recruit managed
I'm probably already over
been a hundred times and depressed aura
For some reason it was weak
usually ran when entering the
space is a shame on the back
but now everything seemed aggressive and
The colors were also stronger youtube
sprite convinces with a light weight
At the strong bot the text boxes
changed again, this time
they were angry and hated the music
suddenly played faster and faster
strangely enough loud laughter the
volume level is not so slow at rattle
I thought I knew something about everyone
that happened to all pokémon
wanted to recruit
they probably committed suicide
because of the terrible events
I experience in recent days
I always thought I was one
very strong and mentally unstable people
because never and self-injury or
quite suicidal thought still remained
still there
By now I realized that I was me
no longer in a normal game
was
it just feels like one
realistic nightmare
I can not stop thinking of myself
was too curious what would happen to me
against the levels over and over again
up and every single time were the
textboxes more aggressive and hateful
but somehow with the time again
sad as it would be so sorry that I
Again and again hardly was me too
from the textbox just go not surprised
just because I have the german version of the
but also because of him
A tiny tears ran down his face
The picture then went black
I woke up as usual in my house
up and was back with the west wages
to get to youtube
but the text on the screen was a
little darker and not selectable than
I do not care about him no matter what
I tried was no longer allowed
to go to the west wages to youtube
and when I gave it up, I was undressed
For some reason, my recruited
I probably wanted pokémon
again the areas of the pokemon mine
look at the collection because they have me
So far, I always enjoy and calm down
So went left to the areas and
When I came to the selection I want the
shudder always when entering the
dim room of youtube com over the
move
because the only pokémon in the list
from youtube
leave the list I could not I
could only switch the games but
I will be in youtube and you know
the only claim here is the cat dead